Add llms.txt and serve Markdown files (#11473)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/llms.txt

# WSO2 API Manager Documentation

WSO2 API Manager is a comprehensive, fully open-source API management platform that provides complete API lifecycle management with enterprise-grade security, advanced gateway capabilities, and AI-powered features. It enables organizations to design, secure, publish, and analyze APIs while providing developers with a rich marketplace experience. Some of its features include:
- An API Publisher for creating and managing APIs
- Developer Portal for discovery and subscription
- Classic Gateway for runtime and backend component (an API proxy) for API calls.
- Platform Gateway for centrally managed hybrid deployments 
- AI Gateway for governing LLM and MCP traffic. 

> WSO2 API Manager supports REST, GraphQL, WebSocket, WebSub/WebHook, SSE, and AI APIs. It can be deployed on VMs, Kubernetes (EKS, AKS, GKE, OpenShift), or in multi-datacenter configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSO2 API Manager supports API types such as REST, GraphQL, WebSocket, WebSub/WebHook, SSE, and AI. It can be deployed on VMs, Kubernetes (EKS, AKS, GKE, OpenShift), or in multi-datacenter configurations.
```
